docs: PDF exports now supported for authenticated sites (#6138)
mintlify/docs: optimize/pdf-exports.mdx

You can export your docs as a single PDF file for offline viewing. The PDF contains all the content in the docs, including images and links, and a navigable table of contents.

> Full-site PDF exports are supported for documentation sites that use authentication. The export includes all pages in your docs regardless of group restrictions, so anyone with access to the exported PDF can read content that may otherwise be gated behind user groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full-site PDF exports include all pages regardless of group restrictions, so anyone with access to the exported PDF can read content that may otherwise be gated behind user groups.
```
